James Doolin hello hello hey I'm alright
how are you you must be so disappointed
not to be in Rotterdam I'm kind of
getting used to that now but at first as
you know it's pretty good I bet you were
and a lot of people would have been
hearing the song for the first time
tonight
so what keep what what are you kind of
telling people about a song how were you
describing the song to people actually
in Scotland right it's for luck in
January with my friends we've actually
stuck you into about this deep-sea diver
in the Nazi he's crew saved him against
all odds and then we started thinking
what would you do when all hope was lost
and in terms of Eurovision how far had
you got in your preparations had you had
you got the staging all done and kind of
got the main idea staging tell us
anything now yeah you know there was
going to be a real wolf it was gonna
kind of like carry on from the video you
know like the kind of set in and stuff
it felt like it was gonna be pretty huge
[Music]
now when did you find out that it wasn't
taking place it was before lockdown and
me and my wife were just out for a drive
actually it's been to get some shopping
and stuff and then I got a text and they
were like yes councilman I have a little
few minutes yeah and had you done things
like I do filmed your postcard had you
done things like that already
no I'm so excited about do something
based around food which I love something
great and have you listened to all the
other songs do you have a favorite I've
listened to a lot um yeah I really love
the Iceland entry and think about things
I just judge Vince and I kind of funk
it's really cool I love it
have you have you thought beyond
lockdown you know what's gonna happen to
your to your career your stuff after
lockdown well yeah my new single came
out yesterday I've got my album as well
just keep on keepin on fantastic well
I'm so sorry turned out like this but
hopefully next year will be the charm
thank you best Suites here bye bye
ah so we won't be seeing James or his
wolf in Rotterdam tonight but here's a
very special live performance film
before lockdown
this is James Newman and it's UK
Eurasian entry that never was my last
breath yes I will if we would see
[Music]
I know I can
if you had nothing
[Music]
I'll give you my last breath
my
and I know they're we're in trouble but
I swear they will survive if we would
see
[Music]
I know I can define
if you had not
[Music]
I'll give you my
Oh
[Music]
I'll give you my
you